# EduHealth

## 1. Introduction

Empower students with knowledge of their health insurance benefits to optimize wellness and save money effortlessly.

## 2. Techniques and Libraries:

- **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, EJS, jQuery6
- **Backend:** Node.js, Express.js
- **Database:** MongoDB(session), MySQL
- **External libraries & APIs:** Google Fonts,
- **Hosting:** Render(web), FreeDB(Mysql)

## 3. Folder Structure

Contents of the project folder

```bash

```

## 4. Installation and Setup

### 4.1 Prerequisites:

- Node.js: Make sure you have Node.js installed globally on your machine. You can download it from the official website: Node.js
- IDE: Choose an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) of your choice. We recommend Visual Studio Code!

### 4.2 Clone the Repository:

Clone the project repository from GitHub using the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Munnjee/QDSHacks2024.git
```

### 4.3 Install NPM Packages:

Navigate to the project directory in your terminal or command prompt.
Run the following command to install the required npm packages:

```bash
npm install
```

### 4.4 Import the datasets into your own MongoDB database

1. Create your MongoDB account at https://account.mongodb.com/account/register

### 4.5 Configure Environment Variables:

Create a new file in the project root directory called `.env`.
Open the `.env` file and add the following necessary environment variables.

```js
MONGODB_HOST= //your own MongoDB host
MONGODB_USER= //your own MongoDB account username
MONGODB_PASSWORD= //your own MongoDB account password
MONGODB_DATABASE= // the name of your database
MONGODB_SESSION_SECRET= // your own MongoDB session secret, generate at https://guidgenerator.com/
NODE_SESSION_SECRET= // your own Node.js session secret, generate at https://guidgenerator.com/

MYSQL_USER= //your own FreeDB username
MYSQL_PASSWORD= //own own FreeDB Password
MYSQL_HOST= //the name of your host
MYSQL_PORT= //Your SQL port number
MYSQL_DATABASE= //Your SQL DB Name
```

### 4.6 Start the Application:

Run the following command to start the application:

```
npm start
```

### 4.7 Access the Application:

Once the application has started successfully, you can access it in your web browser at http://localhost:3000 (or a different port if specified).
By following these steps, you should be able to install and run the project locally on your machine. Make sure to review the project's documentation for any additional configuration or setup required for specific features or modules.

## 5. References

1. Insurance information sourced from from https://www.studentcare.ca/
2. Some code generated by ChatGPT and Copilot

## 6. Contact Information

|              |  Github   |
| :----------- | :-------: |
| Min Ji Seo   |  Munnjee  |
| Munyoung Cho |  muun-y   |
| Yongeun Kwon | jenkwon92 |
